hi guys footy cards are stickers here
and today we're gonna open the tops
match attax extra 2014 multi pack really
nice packs includes 50 players exclusive
and an exclusive limited edition card as
you can see it's David Luiz of Chelsea
antastic centre-back and we've got one
two yeah the five free packs there
so you're basically getting this David
Luiz free for the 5 pound and buying 5
packs
pound each so let's get it open and see
if we can get some good cards - be very
careful when opening these multi packs
that you don't damage the limited
edition car these idiots from tops of
put a bit of glue as you can see there's
a glue holding the card and you have to
kind of edge it off like that so you've
got the glue there God knows who decides
to do it like that
awful though still needs a bit of
residue on the back if you're not
careful but there he is
89 defense 51 attack probably fair
ratings for David Luiz decent plier cost
a lot of money though let's see if we
can get some good calls in the five
packs let's get them off there at first
as you can see they're just standard
packs with the barcode again you've got
125 cards in the set as I've probably
discussed in previous videos he's got a
lookout for the special insert cards
star sign and then club caps and they'll
be one of those in every packet a manner
the match or a hat-trick here will be
one in every two packets hundred club is
one in every 40 packets does say just to
hold it no not all packs contain a
special insert card that should apply to
match of the day magazine that's for
certain
so free for ice there off nicely off
that board let's just dump that board
over there and let's see here we get
again only the one designer packet weird
Kevin Nolan a Weston Santi Cazorla
Arsenal Carlos Tevez a man City and the
money man himself
275 grand a week our VP this is Yuri yep
nice battens on these so here we go the
power cards are at the bottom there
we've got all brightened have Aston
Villa avi a der Everton Johnny Evans of
Manchester United Newcastle defender
natural monreale from Arsenal Ben Davies
good young fullback for Swansea teachers
bramble of real donkey from Sunderland
former Ipswich scumbag Lewis Holtby of
Spurs great new sign and got him on the
cheap as his contract is running out and
then we've got Michael Dawson of Spurs
captain just put that there we've got
the power cards over here and base there
and got Julio Cesare man the match
antastic keeper in his heyday probably
getting on a bit now but fair rating of
94 possibly one of the best keepers in
the Premier League along with Peter
check obviously that would be between
them two in my opinion have a learn the
set and pack we've got the young
fullback Andre wisdom of the scousers
Joe Bennett Villa old Harry QPR Manjit
Karagounis old enamel and scumbag
midfielder George Ford young French we
failed at JTAC reading Collison Western
karna and Spurs decent fullback
and Phil Neville captain of Everton it's
putting Michael Dawson so you've got two
captains there and two packets turn the
feedback here we go you got Bradley
Guzan Mike on Manchester City he hasn't
played many times for Anderson
Ryan Bennett reserve sent it back for
Norwich schecter Swansea Matt kill
ganonless one Sunderland Christopher
Samba hundred thousand pound a week QPR
paying in new signing absolute beast Joe
Cole star sign and from Western and fat
boy himself Rickie Lambert the man the
match from Southampton his goals per
game wish you ratio very decent last
year hope so Hampton don't go down they
they really do play some nice football
have a look at the fourth you got a
Sebastian Coates Argentinian Liverpool
defender Artur borage Nick Powell the
young sensation from register noise
Mikey Owen
Gabrielle tennis of WBA young comes Ryan
Bertrand pull Shana and we've got
Matsuda bushi for New Castle's French
army
and the last pack of the multipack big
good one
here we go Fabian to melt Delft ten
million pound signing from Leeds not
really fulfilled as potential Chelsea's
favorite manager here he is the fans
loving moussa sissoko
really good value sawing in at 2.5
million from Alan Party Kyle Jensen
Rowland Lamar Danny Graham picks
Sunderland in the end when he had a
choice of four or five different
Premiership clubs Stephen Kolker and
we've got Denver bar the seven half
million pounds striker for Chelsea and
Luis Suarez hat-trick hero so the rat
boy he got his hat-trick against Norwich
AK I wrote and I think he got hat-trick
as well and field against Norwich so
Norwich defenders really do love this
rat spends half his time diving and half
his time scoring goals so you can't
complain really anyway hope you've
enjoyed that video and please comment
like and subscribe and look forward to
seeing you soon guys